Update calendar.markdown (#35569)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/calendar.markdown

You either use `start_date_time` and `end_date_time`, or `start_date` and `end_date`, or `in`.
{% endnote %}

> This is a full example of a {% term actions %} call in YAML:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a full example of an {% term action %} in YAML:
```
